Thursday June 28


Exploring Early Galaxies with CCAT and ALMA
1. Astronomy across the spectrum: telescopes and sites (M. Haynes)
2. Submillimeter astronomy (G. Stacey)
3. The formation and evolution of galaxies (M. Haynes)
4. Activity: Measuring star formation in galaxies
5. The geology of the Atacama Desert (T. Jordan, Dept. of Earth and Atmospheric Science)
6. The Atacama Large Millimeter/Submillimeter Array ALMA (M . Haynes)
7. Overview of the CCAT project (R. Giovanelli)
8. Activity: The design of wide area surveys for CCAT
9. The design and construction of large telescopes (J. Zivick, CCAT project manager)
10. Exploring early galaxies with CCAT and ALMA (G. Stacey)

Dear Gordon, Riccardo, Jeff and Terry,

As per our previous message, one of the new features of our REU program
starting this summer will be the organization of three one-day workshops
on a topic of particular interest to which all of the REU students as well 
as other undergraduate students working in SSB will be invited. The
workshops are intended to provide all of the students with a broad overview
of a scientific area as well as the associated facilties and techniques
as well as some awareness of how science is done, how facilities are 
conceived/constructed/funded/operated, possible career paths, etc.
The workshop concept was noted by the reviewers as "innovative".

According to your schedules, you are all available to participate in 
the one-day workshop for the REU and other undergraduate students
on Thursday June 28. Please let me know if you cannot make this date.

The purpose of this workshop is to provide the undergraduate students
(12-15 of them) with an overview of the CCAT project: its science,
motivation, objectives, design, project history and context. In addition
to a series of lectures, we will plan a lunch discussion and a couple
of activities. I have made up a very rough agenda, but would like your
ideas and assistance to finalize it and arrange the details. It might
look something like this:

Plan lectures to run 5-10 minutes less than alloted time, so that there
can be discussion and breaks. Lunch will be provided.

"Exploring Early Galaxies with CCAT and ALMA"
Thursday June 28    SSB 622
 Time   Topic                                                     Speaker/organizer
 9:00   Astronomy across the spectrum: telescopes and sites       M. Haynes
 9:30   Submillimeter astronomy                                   G. Stacey
10:00   The formation and evolution of galaxies                   T. Herter
10:45   Activity: tour of lab/demo?                               TBD
11:30   The Atacama Desert                                        TBD (ask Terry Jordan? RG?)

12:00   Lunch (all participants)

 1:00   The Atacama Large Millimeter/Submillimeter Array ALMA     M. Haynes
 1:30   Overview of the CCAT project                              R. Giovanelli
 2:15   The design and construction of large telescopes           J. Zivick
 2:45   Activity: The design of wide area surveys for CCAT
 3:30   Exploring early galaxies with CCAT and ALMA               G. Stacey
 4:00   Adjourn

Again, this was meant only to be a first draft. Do you have other ideas?
Can you suggest other people whom we can get to help with the activities?
