Fundamental Science Questions About Zw1400.4+0949, Its Galaxy Population,
And Its Environment:

(1)
How do galaxies differ?
      What are their rotational velocities and what does that tell us about
their relative abundances of light and dark matter?
      What star formation is happening? As measured by abundances of HII
(immediate formation) and H2 (potential short term formation) and HI (long
term formation)


How/why do isolated galaxies evolve with time?
      What are the necessary boundary conditions for considering a galaxy
isolated?
      Does lack of potentially replenishing gas from neighbors give isolated
galaxies a definite lifespan?  Aka HI depletion?
      How do galaxies in cluster's (ie Zw's members) compare to those we
observe in isolation.
      What types of stars are there in isolated galaxies?  Old or young?
 (we can use wavelength, temp, and luminosity to figure out) Are they mostly
spirals or ellipticals?

(2)
How might local environment affect galaxy evolution?
     Are there any signs of tidal interacts?
            Those could serve to replenish gas, make a galaxy bigger or
small, distort shape, cause a merger, or explode.
     How close and under what conditions do tidal interactions occur?  When
do galaxies simply start orbiting a barycenter?
     Neighbors could alter other neighbors peculiar velocities?

(3)
What are the physical environmental conditions around Zw1400+09 and how do
they compare to others ?
     What effect does Zw1400+09's cluster nature have on its member
galaxies?
     What are the relative abundances of gas / matter / dark matter in Zw
compared to in other clusters?
     Can/do we want to observe the IGM in Zw?  If so, how?
     What is the local IGM, and can we detect the HII of which it is mostly
comprised?  (Probably not...)

(4)
Fundamental properties of galaxies to be measured:
      Velocity dispersion from the HI line data
      Gas masses from velocity dispersion
      Radial velocity and distance from dispersion and redshift of HI line
      Linear size from distance (from redshift) and angular diameter
      Spectral energy distribution (to get collective temp of galaxies)
